Forum/ImaginationQualityManagement/PoetryOfBrainsRemixPost.md, before:

Please let me know what you think of the ideas in this talk!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_x2RVnlTZs  
Read, edit, rewrite, reuse my notes seen in the movie and here:  
Notes — https://github.com/HelpGiveThanks/Documentation/blob/master/Forum/ImaginationQualityManagement/PoetryOfBrainsRemixNotes.md  
Post — https://github.com/HelpGiveThanks/Documentation/blob/master/Forum/ImaginationQualityManagement/PoetryOfBrainsRemixPost.md   
"The whole science of neural representation [the stimulus response theory] is disproven by the evidence of neural dynamics," Walter Freeman demonstrates in his talk (last link below) with compelling evidence from years of painstaking research by him and his colleagues at his UC Berkeley lab: The Freeman Laboratory for Nonlinear Neurodynamics.  The talk and even more helpful Q and A session following it, will provide many insights into Freeman's work about how our solipsistic brains work.  

The maps of brain activity, shown in the remix that Freeman referrers to during his talk, not only disprove the science of neural representation, but are the foundation, I believe, of a scientific revolution greater than Copernicus's.  Freeman's evidence shows that rather than our species (or any species with brains) revolving around the same perceived truth, each brain instead makes up its own imaginary reality (solipsism).  To learn, and to share knowledge, we must work together (dance together notes Freeman) to fail our imaginary realities faster, and faster in order to conform better and better to what is actually real (to where our toes — while dancing — actually are).  

It is truly, truly, truly amazing to think that each of us has the brain power to actually create a populated three-dimensional world so realistically that we cannot help but be fooled into believing that we are seeing, not creating, not imagining everything and everyone!  Freeman's and his laboratory colleagues' work in biology and medicine, and the supporting work of many others like Paul Cisek in computer science and artificial intelligence, demands that we become a lot more forgiving of ourselves and all others, and lot more engaged in our own and each others lives: more activity less passivity.  (I especially recommend visiting http://www.cisek.org/pavel and downloading Cisek's paper: Beyond the computer metaphor: Behaviour as interaction (link on this webpage good as of March 5, 2013). 

LINKS TO PAPERS AND ORIGINAL VIDEO
Among Freeman's papers of great relevance to this talk is his paper HAPPINESS DOESN'T COME IN BOTTLES: Neuroscientists learn that joy comes through dancing, not drugs.  Download it from his lab's website along with many other interesting papers, books (my favorite is How Brains Make Up Their Minds), and talks: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu.

Happiness paper direct link valid as of March 5, 2013: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu/freemanwww/manuscripts/IE10/97.html

Neural representation is disproven paper with amazing evidence (difficult but satisfying read with a greater than high school education / science/non-fiction reader for life / etc.): A NEUROBIOLOGICAL THEORY OF MEANING IN PERCEPTION. PART I: INFORMATION AND MEANING IN NONCONVERGENT AND NONLOCAL BRAIN DYNAMICS: link valid as of March 5, 2013: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu/wjf/AN_Part1_Intro_Preprint.pdf.

"We see and feel with our brain." - Paul Bach-y-Rita from nature.com/embor/journal/v6/n2/full/7400344.html

Link to original talk from which this remix was made valid as of March 5, 2013: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu/FreemanWWW/Videos/POB/POB.html.

NOTES ON THE MAKING OF THE REMIX
I first made this remix in January 2009 for myself and a few friends.  It was an exercise in clarifying for myself what Dr. Freeman was talking about, focusing only on his solipsistic theory.

In 2009, I used Apple's Keynote software to generate the slides and then exported them into QuickTime Pro 7.   Keynote exports slides into QuickTime with what is called 'dynamic frame rates', meaning that the file size can be very small with really big images because movie frames are required only when things in the movie actually move (which slides do not = 1 movie frame per slide no matter how long the slide is on the screen).  Since my method of sharing the video was among a few close friends using shared Google folders, I needed the file size to be as small as possible. 

I did a major update in 2012 to the content of the slides, again using Keynote and QuickTime Pro 7 in an effort to gain permission from Freeman's lab to publicly share my remix.  

With permission from the Freeman lab to post the remix to YouTube, I re-edited it using Telestream's ScreenFlow software April 4, 2013.  Its transition and editing tools made putting the final polish on the remix a breeze.  

My hope in posting this remix is to inspire others to take a look at this and Freeman's other work, digest it, and show me better ways to understand these revolutionary ideas and apply them.

Commit message:

Added link to forum post.

Forum/ImaginationQualityManagement/PoetryOfBrainsRemixPost.md, after:

Please let me know what you think of the ideas in this talk on the HelpGiveThanks Forum http://helpgivethanks.org/forum/discussion/14/poetry-of-brains-remix !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_x2RVnlTZs  
Read, edit, rewrite, reuse my notes seen in the movie and here:  
Notes — https://github.com/HelpGiveThanks/Documentation/blob/master/Forum/ImaginationQualityManagement/PoetryOfBrainsRemixNotes.md  
Post — https://github.com/HelpGiveThanks/Documentation/blob/master/Forum/ImaginationQualityManagement/PoetryOfBrainsRemixPost.md   
"The whole science of neural representation [the stimulus response theory] is disproven by the evidence of neural dynamics," Walter Freeman demonstrates in his talk (last link below) with compelling evidence from years of painstaking research by him and his colleagues at his UC Berkeley lab: The Freeman Laboratory for Nonlinear Neurodynamics.  The talk and even more helpful Q and A session following it, will provide many insights into Freeman's work about how our solipsistic brains work.  

The maps of brain activity, shown in the remix that Freeman referrers to during his talk, not only disprove the science of neural representation, but are the foundation, I believe, of a scientific revolution greater than Copernicus's.  Freeman's evidence shows that rather than our species (or any species with brains) revolving around the same perceived truth, each brain instead makes up its own imaginary reality (solipsism).  To learn, and to share knowledge, we must work together (dance together notes Freeman) to fail our imaginary realities faster, and faster in order to conform better and better to what is actually real (to where our toes — while dancing — actually are).  

It is truly, truly, truly amazing to think that each of us has the brain power to actually create a populated three-dimensional world so realistically that we cannot help but be fooled into believing that we are seeing, not creating, not imagining everything and everyone!  Freeman's and his laboratory colleagues' work in biology and medicine, and the supporting work of many others like Paul Cisek in computer science and artificial intelligence, demands that we become a lot more forgiving of ourselves and all others, and lot more engaged in our own and each others lives: more activity less passivity.  (I especially recommend visiting http://www.cisek.org/pavel and downloading Cisek's paper: Beyond the computer metaphor: Behaviour as interaction (link on this webpage good as of March 5, 2013). 

LINKS TO PAPERS AND ORIGINAL VIDEO
Among Freeman's papers of great relevance to this talk is his paper HAPPINESS DOESN'T COME IN BOTTLES: Neuroscientists learn that joy comes through dancing, not drugs.  Download it from his lab's website along with many other interesting papers, books (my favorite is How Brains Make Up Their Minds), and talks: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu.

Happiness paper direct link valid as of March 5, 2013: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu/freemanwww/manuscripts/IE10/97.html

Neural representation is disproven paper with amazing evidence (difficult but satisfying read with a greater than high school education / science/non-fiction reader for life / etc.): A NEUROBIOLOGICAL THEORY OF MEANING IN PERCEPTION. PART I: INFORMATION AND MEANING IN NONCONVERGENT AND NONLOCAL BRAIN DYNAMICS: link valid as of March 5, 2013: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu/wjf/AN_Part1_Intro_Preprint.pdf.

"We see and feel with our brain." - Paul Bach-y-Rita from nature.com/embor/journal/v6/n2/full/7400344.html

Link to original talk from which this remix was made valid as of March 5, 2013: http://sulcus.berkeley.edu/FreemanWWW/Videos/POB/POB.html.

NOTES ON THE MAKING OF THE REMIX
I first made this remix in January 2009 for myself and a few friends.  It was an exercise in clarifying for myself what Dr. Freeman was talking about, focusing only on his solipsistic theory.

In 2009, I used Apple's Keynote software to generate the slides and then exported them into QuickTime Pro 7.   Keynote exports slides into QuickTime with what is called 'dynamic frame rates', meaning that the file size can be very small with really big images because movie frames are required only when things in the movie actually move (which slides do not = 1 movie frame per slide no matter how long the slide is on the screen).  Since my method of sharing the video was among a few close friends using shared Google folders, I needed the file size to be as small as possible. 

I did a major update in 2012 to the content of the slides, again using Keynote and QuickTime Pro 7 in an effort to gain permission from Freeman's lab to publicly share my remix.  

With permission from the Freeman lab to post the remix to YouTube, I re-edited it using Telestream's ScreenFlow software April 4, 2013.  Its transition and editing tools made putting the final polish on the remix a breeze.  

My hope in posting this remix is to inspire others to take a look at this and Freeman's other work, digest it, and show me better ways to understand these revolutionary ideas and apply them.
