Draft of http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/wiki/TermsOfUse
Please feel free to add description information for this file above this line and improve the document below this line.
***
{{TOC}}
Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using http://helpgivethanks.org.  Except where otherwise noted, these Terms of Use come from http://opensource-template.wikidot.com/legal:terms-of-use and are licensed under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License] by Wikidot Inc.

Please be aware that you are legally responsible for all of your contributions, edits, and re-use of <nowiki>HelpGiveThanks.org</nowiki> content under the laws of the United States of America and other applicable laws (which may include the laws where you live or where you view or edit content). This means it is important that you use caution when posting content. In light of this responsibility, we have some rules about what you cannot post, most of which is either for your own protection or for the protection of other users like yourself. Please keep in mind that the content we host is for general informational purposes only, so if you need expert advice for a particular question (such as medical, legal, or financial issues), you should seek the help of a licensed or qualified professional. We also include other important notices and disclaimers, so please read these Terms of Use in their entirety.  <nowiki>[</nowiki>Lanuage in this paragraph comes primarly from http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use provided under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License].]

=== Legal Notices ===
We, the Operators of this Website, provide it as a public service to our users.

Please carefully review the following basic rules that govern your use of the Website. Please note that your use of the Website constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions of Use. If you (the "User") do not agree to them, do not use the Website, provide any materials to the Website or download any materials from them.

The Operators reserve the right to update or modify these Terms and Conditions at any time without prior notice to User. Your use of the Website following any such change constitutes your unconditional agreement to follow and be bound by these Terms and Conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms and Conditions of Use whenever you use the Website.

These Terms and Conditions of Use apply to the use of the Website and do not extend to any linked third party sites. These Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy, which are hereby incorporated by reference, contain the entire agreement (the “Agreement”) between you and the Operators with respect to the Website. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.

=== Your Agreement to the Terms ===
<nowiki>[</nowiki>Language in this section comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License].]

YOUR ACCESS OR USE OF ANY WEBSITE OR SERVICE IN ANY WAY SIGNIFIES THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. By accessing or using any Website or Service you also represent that you have the legal authority to accept the Terms on behalf of yourself and any party you represent in connection with your use of any Website or Service. If you do not agree to the Terms, you are not authorized to use any Website or Service.

=== Location of the Websites and Services ===
<nowiki>[</nowiki>Language in this section comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License].]


The Websites and Services are controlled and offered by the Operators from facilities in the United States of America. The Operators make no representations that the Websites or Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. If you are accessing or using any Website or Service from other jurisdictions, you do so at your own risk and you are responsible for compliance with local law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Websites may contain or provide links to Content hosted on websites located outside of the United States of America.

=== Permitted and Prohibited Uses ===
You may use the the Website for the sole purpose of sharing and exchanging ideas with other Users. You may not use the the Website to violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law, including without limitation any applicable laws relating to antitrust or other illegal trade or business practices, federal and state securities laws, regulations promulgated by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, any rules of any national or other securities exchange, and any U.S. laws, rules, and regulations governing the export and re-export of commodities or technical data.

You may not upload or transmit any material that infringes or misappropriates any person's copyright, patent, trademark, or trade secret, or disclose via the the Website any information the disclosure of which would constitute a violation of any confidentiality obligations you may have.

You may not upload any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other forms of harmful computer code, nor subject the Website's network or servers to unreasonable traffic loads, or otherwise engage in conduct deemed disruptive to the ordinary operation of the Website.

You are strictly prohibited from communicating on or through the Website any unlawful, harmful, offensive, threatening, abusive, libelous, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, fraudulent, sexually explicit, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any sort, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.

You are expressly prohibited from compiling and using other Users' personal information, including addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers, email addresses or other contact information that may appear on the Website, for the purpose of creating or compiling marketing and/or mailing lists and from sending other Users unsolicited marketing materials, whether by facsimile, email, or other technological means.

You also are expressly prohibited from distributing Users' personal information to third-party parties for marketing purposes. The Operators shall deem the compiling of marketing and mailing lists using Users' personal information, the sending of unsolicited marketing materials to Users, or the distribution of Users' personal information to third parties for marketing purposes as a material breach of these Terms and Conditions of Use, and the Operators reserve the right to terminate or suspend your access to and use of the Website and to suspend or revoke your membership in the consortium without refund of any membership dues paid.

The Operators note that unauthorized use of Users' personal information in connection with unsolicited marketing correspondence also may constitute violations of various state and federal anti-spam statutes. The Operators reserve the right to report the abuse of Users' personal information to the appropriate law enforcement and government authorities, and the Operators will fully cooperate with any authorities investigating violations of these laws.

<nowiki>[</nowiki>The language for these next prohibited uses is taken from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
.]

Users agree not to use the Websites or Services to:

Post or transmit Content that is harmful, offensive, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, defamatory, hateful or otherwise discriminatory, false and misleading, incites an illegal act, or is otherwise in breach of your obligations to any person or contrary to any applicable laws and regulations;

Intimidate or harass another;

Use or attempt to use another’s account, service, or personal information;

Remove, circumvent, disable, damage or otherwise interfere with any security-related features that enforce limitations on the use of the Websites or Services;

Attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Websites or Services, other accounts, computer systems or networks connected to the Websites or Services, through hacking password mining or any other means or interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Websites or Services or any activities conducted through the Websites or Services;

Use any means to bypass or ignore robots.txt, or other measures we use to restrict access or use of the Websites or Services;

Impersonate another person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; or

You may not post or transmit any personally identifiable information about persons under 13 years of age.

=== User Submissions ===
The Operators do not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through the Website. Any material, information, or other communication you transmit or post ("Contributions") to the Website will be considered non-confidential.

All contributions to this site are licensed by you under the <nowiki>[</nowiki>http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International Public License] to anyone who wishes to use them, including the Operators.

If you work for a company or at a University, it's likely that you're not the copyright holder of anything you make, even in your free time. Before making contributions to this site, get written permission from your employer.

<nowiki>[</nowiki>The language of this next two paragraphs comes primarily from http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use provided under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License].]

You may find some material objectionable or erroneous: Because we provide a wide array of content that is produced or gathered by fellow users, you may encounter material that you find offensive, erroneous, misleading, mislabeled, or otherwise objectionable. We therefore ask that you use common sense and proper judgment when using our services.

Our content is for general informational purposes only: Although we host a great deal of information that pertains to professional topics, including medical, legal, or financial issues, this content is presented for general informational purposes only. It should not be taken as professional advice. Please seek independent professional counseling from someone who is licensed or qualified in the applicable area in lieu of acting on any information, opinion, or advice contained in one of the Project websites.

====== Content You Provide ======
<nowiki>[</nowiki>The language for this section comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
.]

You may only submit Content to the Websites or in connection with the Services that you have the right to submit. This means that you can only submit Content that you yourself create, that is in the public domain or that you have been expressly granted the right to submit consistent with the Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, Content that infringes the rights of any third party (e.g., Content used without express permission of the copyright owner and not otherwise permitted by law) must not be submitted. ''' You represent, warrant and agree that no Content of any kind submitted, posted or otherwise shared by you on or through any of the Websites or Services, violates or infringes upon the rights of any third party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, publicity or other personal or proprietary rights, or contains libelous, defamatory or otherwise unlawful material. Further, you represent, warrant and agree not to submit any personally identifiable information, including any Content containing personally identifiable information, about any person who is under 13 years of age. ''' This website's Operators may, but are not obligated to, review your submissions and may delete or remove (without notice) any Content at their sole discretion that the Operators determines violates the Terms or that may be offensive, illegal, or that might violate the rights, harm or threaten the safety of others. The Operators do not endorse or support any Content posted by you or any other third party on or through the Websites or Services. You alone are responsible for creating backup copies and replacing any Content you post on the Websites or Services, and you authorize this website's Operators to make copies of your Content as we deem necessary in order to facilitate the posting of your Content on the Websites or Services. You may request the removal of your Content from the Websites or Services at any time, and the Operators will take reasonable steps to promptly remove such Content; provided, however, that the Operators can remove any such Content only from its Websites and cannot remove Content from email archives, wiki history pages and similar community forums where you may post content, or others’ computers, such as Content you may have sent to others in an email posted to a <nowiki>HelpGiveThanks.org</nowiki> email list. If you choose to remove your Content, the Creative Commons license you granted when submitting such Content (see the second paragraph under User Submissions, above) will remain in full force and effect in accordance with its terms.

====== Use of Content on the Website or Services ======
<nowiki>[</nowiki>The language for this section comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License
.]

You may use the Content you find on the Websites or Services in accordance with the terms of the license applicable to that Content. For the avoidance of doubt, you must attribute all Content (except public domain Content) in the manner specified by the author or licensor (including attribution to any designated Attribution Party) and in accordance with the terms of such license and you must not remove or alter any copyright, trademark, name or other notice or legend that appears in connection with the Content. You represent and warrant to the Website Operators that you will use any and all Content on our Websites or Services in accordance with the applicable license. You should be sure to review the terms of that license before you use the Content to which it applies so that you know what you can and cannot do.  By using the Websites or Services, you agree that you are solely responsible for your use of any and all Content made available thereon. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any Content, including any reliance on the provenance, ownership, accuracy, completeness, or reliability of such Content. In this regard, you acknowledge that you may not rely on any Content made available on the Websites or Services without your own independent evaluation of that Content. ''' This website's Operators do not guarantee that Content made available on the Websites or Services does not infringe the rights of any third party. '''

=== User Discussion Lists and Forums ===
The Operators may, but are not obligated to, monitor or review any areas on the Website where users transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to user forums and email lists, and the content of any such communications. The Operators, however, will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. The Operators may edit or remove content on the the Website at their discretion at any time.

=== Use of Personally Identifiable Information ===
Information submitted to the Website is governed according to the Operators’s current Privacy Policy and the stated license of this website.

You agree to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information when registering with the Website. It is your responsibility to maintain and promptly update this account information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If you provides any information that is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account without notice and to refuse any and all current and future use of the Website.

Although sections of the Website may be viewed simply by visiting the Website, in order to access some Content and/or additional features offered at the Website, you may need to sign on as a guest or register as a member. If you create an account on the Website, you may be asked to supply your name, address, a User ID and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your password or account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of either your password or account or any other breach of security. You further agree that you will not permit others, including those whose accounts have been terminated, to access the Website using your account or User ID. You grant the Operators and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Website the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of the Website and in the provision of services to you. The Operators cannot and do not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, or your or third parties’ use or misuse of information transmitted or received using website. To learn more about how we protect the privacy of the personal information in your account, please visit our [http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/wiki/Privacy/ Privacy Policy].

=== Privacy Policy ===
<nowiki>[</nowiki>Language in this section comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License].]

The Operators are committed to handling responsibly the information and data we collect at <nowiki>HelpGiveThanks.org</nowiki> and agrees to use your personal information in accordance with the [http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/wiki/Privacy/ Privacy Policy] and the Terms of Use. The [http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/wiki/Privacy/ Privacy Policy] is hereby incorporated by reference into these Master Terms.

=== Participating in Our Community: Registered Users  ===
<nowiki>[</nowiki>Language in this section and three sub-sections comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License].]

Registering for an account on the forum (located at http://helpgivethanks.org/forum/) and the project manager and wiki (located at http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/) is void where prohibited. Only persons who are over the age of majority in their jurisdiction (which typically is 18, but may be different in your jurisdiction) and fully competent to enter into the terms, conditions, obligations, affirmations, representations and warranties set forth in the Terms and to abide by and comply with the Terms may register for an account and use the related Services; provided, however, that if you are under the age of majority in your jurisdiction but over 13 years of age, you may join with the express permission of your parent or legal guardian. Any registration by, use of or access to the Services provided to Registered Users (defined below) by anyone (1) under the age of 13 or (2) under the age of majority in their jurisdiction but without parental or guardian permission, is unauthorized, unlicensed and a violation of these Master Terms. By registering for an account on any of the Websites or using the related Services, you represent and warrant that you (1) are the age of majority in your jurisdiction or, (2) are over the age of 13 and have the express permission of a legal guardian to become a Registered User and use Services made available to Registered Users, and you further agree to abide by all of the terms and conditions of these Master Terms and any applicable Additional Terms.

Services offered to Registered Users are provided subject to these Master Terms and any Additional Terms specified on the relevant Website. The Operators reserve the right to modify or discontinue the accounts of Registered Users and related Services at any time. The Operators disclaim any and all liability to Registered Users and third parties in the event the Operators exercise this right to modify or discontinue user accounts or related Services.

====== Registration and Security ======
You agree to (a) provide accurate, current and complete information about you, if and as may be prompted by the registration process on the forum (located at http://helpgivethanks.org/forum/) and the project manager and wiki (located at http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/), (b) maintain the security of your password(s) and identification, (c) maintain and promptly update your registration information and any other information you provide to this website's Operators, and to keep it accurate and complete to, among other things, allow us to contact you, and (d) be fully responsible for all use of your account and for any actions that take place using your account. It is your responsibility to ensure that this website's Operators have up-to-date contact information for you. You may not set up an account or membership on behalf of another individual or entity unless you are authorized to do so.

====== No Membership in The Help Give Thanks Research Project ======
As used in these Master Terms, “Registered User” means a person who has registered and obtained an account on the forum (located at http://helpgivethanks.org/forum/) and/or the project manager and wiki (located at http://helpgivethanks.org/apps/thebuggenie/). Becoming a Registered User or using any of the related Websites or Services does not and shall not be deemed to make you a member, shareholder or affiliate of The Help Give Thanks Research Project for any purposes whatsoever.

====== Termination and Inactivation of User Accounts ======
Your participation as a Registered User and use the related Services terminates automatically upon your breach of any of these Master Terms or applicable Additional Terms.

If you no longer agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you must cease use of the Website. If you are dissatisfied with the Website, their content, or any of these terms, conditions, and policies, your sole legal remedy is to discontinue using the Website.

In addition, we (the Operators of this website) may, at any time: (a) modify, suspend or terminate the operation of or access to your user account for any reason; (b) modify or change such Websites and Services and any applicable Terms and policies governing your user account and related Websites and Services for any reason; and (c) interrupt user accounts and related Websites and Services for any reason, all as we deem appropriate at our discretion. Your access to your account, and use of the related Websites and Services may be terminated by you or by us (the Operators of this website) at any time and for any reason whatsoever, without notice.

In addition, the Operators of this website reserve the right to delete and purge any account and all Content associated therewith following any prolonged period of inactivity, all as may be determined by the Operators of this website at our complete discretion.

=== Indemnification ===
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless the Operators, agents, vendors or suppliers from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use or misuse of the Website, including, without limitation, your violation of these Terms and Conditions, the infringement by you, or any other subscriber or user of your account, of any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity.

=== WARRANTY DISCLAIMER ===
THE WEBSITE AND ASSOCIATED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. TO THE FULL EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY APPLICABLE LAW, THE OPERATORS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENTOF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. THE OPERATORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTY THAT THE WEBSITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DO THE OPERATORS MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE WEBSITE. THE OPERATORS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE WEBSITE OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THE WEBSITE.

IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OPERATORS OR ANY OF THEIR AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, MISUSE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE, EVEN IF THE OPERATORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. THIS DISCLAIMER CONSTITUTES AN ESSENTIAL PART OF THIS AGREEMENT. BECAUSE SOME JURISDICTIONS PROHIBIT THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU.

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF CONTENT. THE OPERATORS SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED, OR ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN CAUSED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, BY THE INFORMATION OR IDEAS CONTAINED, SUGGESTED OR REFERENCED IN OR APPEARING ON THE WEBSITE. YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE WEBSITE IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM THE OPERATORS OR THROUGH THE OPERATORS, THEIR EMPLOYEES, OR THIRD PARTIES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE THE WEBSITE, THAT YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

LIABILITY LIMITATION. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES AND UNDER NO LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, WHETHER IN TORT, CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, SHALL THE OPERATORS OR ANY OF THEIR AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE TO USER OR TO ANY OTHER PERSON FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES OR DAMAGES OF ANY NATURE ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE THE WEBSITE OR FOR ANY BREACH OF SECURITY ASSOCIATED WITH THE TRANSMISSION OF SENSITIVE INFORMATION THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR FOR ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED THROUGH THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF GOODWILL, LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA, WORK STOPPAGE, ACCURACY OF RESULTS, OR COMPUTER FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION, EVEN IF AN AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE OPERATORS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

THE OPERATORS'S TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS IN CONNECTION WITH THE WEBSITE WILL NOT EXCEED FIVE U.S. DOLLARS ($5.00). USER AGREES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY ARE AN ESSENTIAL BASIS OF THE BARGAIN AND THAT THE OPERATORS WOULD NOT PROVIDE THE WEBSITE ABSENT SUCH LIMITATION.

=== General ===
The Website is hosted in the United States. The Operators make no claims that the Content on the Website is appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Content may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Website from outside the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. If you seek to file a legal claim against us, you agree to file and resolve it exclusively in a state or federal court located in Sacramento County, California. You also agree that the laws of the State of California and, to the extent applicable, the laws of the United States of America will govern these Terms of Use, as well as any legal claim that might arise between you and us (without reference to conflict of laws principles). You agree to submit to the personal jurisdiction of, and agree that venue is proper in, the courts located in Sacramento County, California, in any legal action or proceeding relating to us or these Terms of Use. <nowiki>[</nowiki>Lanuage in this paragraph comes primarly from http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use provided under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License].]

To ensure that disputes are dealt with soon after they arise, you agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action you might have arising out of or related to use of our services or these Terms of Use must be filed within the applicable statute of limitations or, if earlier, one (1) year after the pertinent facts underlying such claim or cause of action could have been discovered with reasonable diligence (or be forever barred).   <nowiki>[</nowiki>Lanuage in this paragraph comes from http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use provided under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License].]

=== Links to Third Party Websites and Content ===
The Websites or Services may contain links to websites not controlled by the Operators of this website (“Third Party Websites”), as well as Content belonging to or originating from persons or organizations other than the Operators (“Third Party Content”). You acknowledge that the Operators are not responsible or liable for any Third Party Websites or any Third Party Content, information or products made available at any Third Party Website. You further acknowledge that this website's Operators (a) are not responsible or liable for any Third Party Websites or any Third Party Content, information or products made available at any Third Party Website; (b) has not reviewed any Third Party Websites or Third Party Content for accuracy, appropriateness, completeness or non infringement; (c) has not sponsored or otherwise endorsed Third Party Websites or Third Party Content; and (d) makes no representations or warranties whatsoever about any Third Party Websites or Third Party Content. <nowiki>[</nowiki>Language in this paragraph comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License].]

These links are provided for your convenience and reference only. We do not control such sites and, therefore, we are not responsible for any content posted on these sites. The fact that the Operators offer such links should not be construed in any way as an endorsement, authorization, or sponsorship of that site, its content or the companies or products referenced therein, and the Operators reserve the right to note its lack of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement on the Website. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to by the Website, you do this entirely at your own risk. Because some sites employ automated search results or otherwise link you to sites containing information that may be deemed inappropriate or offensive, the Operators cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in third party sites, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites.

=== Notification Of Possible Copyright Infringement ===
In the event you believe that material or content published on the Website may infringe on your copyright or that of another, please contact us.

=== Other Terms ===
<nowiki>[</nowiki>Lanuage in this section comes primarly from http://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Terms_of_Use provided under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License].]

These Terms of Use do not create an employment, agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between you and us, the Operators of this website. If you have not signed a separate agreement with us, these Terms of Use are the entire agreement between you and us. If there is any conflict between these Terms of Use and a signed written agreement between you and us, the signed agreement will control.

You agree that we may provide you with notices, including those regarding changes to the Terms of Use, by email, regular mail, or postings on this website’s wiki or forum.

If in any circumstance, we do not apply or enforce any provision of these Terms of Use, it is not a waiver of that provision.

You understand that, unless otherwise agreed to in writing by us, you have no expectation of compensation for any activity, contribution, or idea that you provide to us, or the community.

If any provision or part of a provision of these Terms of Use is found unlawful, void, or unenforceable, that provision or part of the provision is deemed severable from these Terms of Use and will be enforced to the maximum extent permissible, and all other provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.

=== Using these Terms of Use for Your Own Purposes ===
<nowiki>[</nowiki>Language in this section comes primarily from http://creativecommons.org/terms provided under a [http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/ Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License].]

These Terms of Use except when otherwise noted, are licensed under [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License] by Wikidot Inc. at http://opensource-template.wikidot.com/legal:terms-of-use.  You are free to use and adapt these Terms of Use for your own purposes under a [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/ Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License]. However, please keep in mind that these terms, as written, may not be completely suitable for your situation. This website's Operator's strongly encourage you to seek the advice of your own attorney or counsel before using these Terms of Use.